very a mohsén socialist state
minecraft 1.6 point 4 let's see a mod
which is pretty cool walk and another
structure and in the end this does not have
no purpose or
not just to look nice, I do not say
that they ever do something with this
suppose it's like a good sanctuary
This has nothing to do
all drowned today the modeste that adds
these two landmarks blocks here bateles
pauner has my expose is to put the
problem is that you can not create a
survival you can only get in
creative is also watching with the cne
and also the link that you will have in the
description and national there is no way to
create seen
host
I have a problem of distraction or
something because anything I see already
but good now let's go let's put it
right here
and it is to actually do this is for
to do battles is very cool we put it
and by right clicking we can choose
between this species as a warrior or
something like that no archer and soldier the soldier
same today is the soldier has a helmet
diamonds for diamond hello as the
the archer is going all leather but
he has something like that on his face
of the warrior
here everything goes like all iron is
very cool then if we click right
the problem with this is that if
we go far away
let's go take it for sack you can not
take things with the trip good to me here
and it serves me stop following you see is
a little kaka, that is, it follows you but not
it follows is that it is very slow or is it
backwards
walking normal and is going faster than him
this is the bad thing but good if we do
right click again stays here it
protecting this area stays here and
it just gets there was a little
of they do when and any enemy
that he arrives then he breaks his face and now
let's see the other enemy is for
expose spoiler enemies power that is
here we will see is the same
enemy warrior as you see 7 carries a
haro helmet accira enemy boots
gold and enemy soldier
This Malaga more than the other leads
diamond to differentiate them better and
this nickname simply for that to
do your own battles too
can be cool
serious
and 9a is pretty good but the problem
is that which can not be done in the
survival two blocks these
but invoke bugs that's a
little kaka but good we will see that
this to make battles is worth more or
minus the neighbors here mounted on
sunshine are must say a little thing and
is that these who are ours
good ones are not supposed to be the enemies the
good these are going to attack these the
enemies and the enemies pass
completely until they do not receive a
hit in attack then that 's a
little kaka then team these archers
I'm going to put barbie here
By the way, I forgot to say it every
once you invoke one of these in
creative you do not need what I had here
because I was doing tests in
survival
one iron consumes you for each
warrior archer soldier who serves
before I was before recording was
doing tests in survival
where the archers of the blacks the
Black and Latino
this out and this out come matches
the face after a soldier over
those down there
this seems like it 's much more
then these games are the smart ones
class
what happens tonight got any
of
that also
wait situation very fail
for saiz
but when I received a blow the others
they are always in advantage in that it is
conquering the castle of the enemy
but we're going to many of the archers the
Molars fight
but this is a little bit later but
well yes they fight among themselves yes
stuck between you
who attacks
before playing here down pussy and today the
they tend to attack their peers
if you try to attack the one below
you have an aim but very good
I do not know why he built all this
simply because I like the
construction but good this is the mode
It's not bad to make your own
battles is pretty cool there's always
to give a little more advantage to the
enemy group so I said
always attack the sixth allies before
and arrows
but hey this is the mod
I hope you liked how it is
this area already know the heap
bye
yes